Document Engine 1.5.3 (#36)
PSPDFKit/helm-charts: charts/document-engine/CHANGELOG.md

    - [Changed](#changed-6)
  - [3.0.5 (2024-08-21)](#305-2024-08-21)
    - [Fixed](#fixed-3)
  - [3.0.4 (2024-08-21)](#304-2024-08-21)
    - [Changed](#changed-7)
    - [Added](#added-2)
  - [2.9.3 (2024-08-16)](#293-2024-08-16)
    - [Fixed](#fixed-4)
  - [2.9.2 (2024-08-13)](#292-2024-08-13)
    - [Changed](#changed-8)
  - [2.9.1 (2024-08-10)](#291-2024-08-10)
    - [Added](#added-3)
    - [Changed](#changed-9)
  - [2.9.0 (2024-08-01)](#290-2024-08-01)
    - [Added](#added-4)
    - [Changed](#changed-10)
    - [Fixed](#fixed-5)
  - [2.8.0](#280)
    - [Added](#added-5)
    - [Changed](#changed-11)
    - [Fixed](#fixed-6)
  - [2.7.3](#273)
    - [Changed](#changed-12)
    - [Fixed](#fixed-7)
  - [2.7.2](#272)
    - [Fixed](#fixed-8)
  - [2.7.0](#270)
    - [Changed](#changed-13)
  - [2.6.2](#262)
    - [Added](#added-6)
    - [Changed](#changed-14)
  - [2.6.0](#260)
    - [Added](#added-7)
  - [2.4.0](#240)
    - [Added](#added-8)
  - [2.3.0](#230)
    - [Added](#added-9)
  - [2.2.0](#220)
    - [Added](#added-10)
  - [2.1.0](#210)
    - [Changed](#changed-15)
  - [2.0.0](#200)
    - [Changed](#changed-16)

## 3.2.6 (2024-10-29)

### Added

> * Support for file upload timeout for asset storageby setting `assetStorage.fileUploadTimeoutSeconds`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support for file upload timeout for asset storage by setting `assetStorage.fileUploadTimeoutSeconds`.
```
